The following website is not complete. Complete with the tags and css styles as follows:

<!--styles:-->

    body: no margin and padding, background from black to grey, font color white, black shadow of 2 pixels h, v and blur.

    header: height of 100 pixels, position fixed, full width

    main: right padding of 10 pixels, overflow auto, position fixed, top distance 100, left distance 150, allignment of text justified

    nav: 150 pixels wide, position fixed, top distance 100

    ul with no margin and padding.

    li with 10 pixels padding above and below.

    Hyperlinks with color gold and 1 pixel black shadow h, v and blur 1, no text decoration

    Navigation hyperlinks with font size twice normal.

    h1 with color gold and font size three times normal.

    Definition term with color hex 22bb22, bottom border of 2 pixels blueviolet, top margin of 10 pixels and bottom margin of 5 pixels.

    Table headings centered

    Table data items padding of 20 pixels.

    Images are 50 px by 50 px

    footer: 20 pixels high, font size half normal, position fixed, full width, center alligned, distance from bottom 0



<!--html:-->

<!--h1:-->
Computer Shop

<!--Navigation:-->
    Buy
    Contact us

<!--Main:-->
Heading2:
Welcome to our shop.
We offer the following:

<!--Table-->
Desktops
    A desktop computer is a personal computer in a form intended for regular use at a single location desk/table due to its size and power requirements (cf. Wikipedia). 
Laptops
    A laptop or a notebook is a portable personal computer with a clamshell form factor, suitable for mobile use. There was a difference between laptops and notebooks in the past, but nowadays it has gradually died away. Laptops are commonly used in a variety of settings, including at work, in education, and for personal multimedia. A laptop combines the components and inputs of a desktop computer, including display, speakers, keyboard and pointing device (such as a touchpad or a trackpad) into a single device. Most modern-day laptops also have an integrated webcam and a microphone. A laptop can be powered either from a rechargeable battery, or by mains electricity via an AC adapter. Laptop is a diverse category of devices and other more specific terms, such as rugged notebook or convertible, refer to specialist types of laptops, which have been optimized for specific uses. Hardware specifications change significantly between different types, makes and models of laptops (cf. Wikipedia). 

Device 	Brand 	Price
	LPEM 	299.99
	LPEM 	349.99

<!--Footer:-->
© 2018 LPTEM T0IF

